okay,
We're about to create a very first workbook from scratch.
Now you can see that I've opened a new blank workbook here which Excel is called Book Won
by default.
Now,
very good habit to get into whenever you begin.
A new project in Excel is immediately rename the file or something more useful.
So in a few weeks time,
you'll be able to instantly identify it bites file name.
Okay,
So the first thing we're going to do is to rename a file to something useful.
And to do that,
we're going to use the ribbon just up here on We're going to select file by left clicking
and you'll be presented with this screen.
If you ever click this button by mistake and you don't know how to get back,
just left.
Click the little back arrow just there and you'll come back to your workbook.
OK,
so left click file move down the options to save as left click I'm gonna choose the path of
my computer by left clicking I'm gonna choose desktop and here we can see we have the save
as dialog box.
We can see the current file name is Book one and what we're going to do is type over that
and choose more useful name of my fruit and veg shop.
So my fruit Andi veg shop I wish I could look at the street And for that my fruit on and
veg twice my fruit and veg shop they again.
Okay,
if you decide to change your mind,
just hit the council and you can come back and get their attending time It all.
But at the moment we're happy that it's gonna be called my Froome Benschop.
So we're gonna hover over,
Save left,
click on.
There you go.
A workbook has no being saved on.
We can see that the new titles no displayed at the top center of the screen in Excel.
Fantastic.
Okay,
the next thing we're going to look at is have you into text